README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<h1>Hi, I am Viviana 👋🏽 </h1>

[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://www.viviyanez.dev/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viviana-yanez/)

</div>

I am a creative developer, with a background in audiovisual and visual communication. I am passionate about crafting enjoyable experiences that make the web more accessible and inclusive.

I have [participated as a frontend developer](https://dev.to/vivitt/series/26359) at The Collab Lab and previously completed a Software Engineering internship at the Wikimedia Foundation. You can see [my contributions here](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions-GrowthExperiments/commits?author=vivitt), find more about me on [my website](https://www.viviyanez.dev/), or reach out on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viviana-yanez/). I am always happy to exchange experiences, learnings, and thoughts. 

I am open for full-time opportunities. If you are hiring, let's talk about how I can contribute to your team! I thrive in collaborative environments, and observation is my superpower. I am always open to learn new tech stacks and would absolutely love to be part of a team that conducts code reviews and follows TDD practices.

## My latest blog posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [What Happens When You Visit a Website? How the Web Works Explained](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/what-happens-when-you-visit-a-website.md)
- [How to Set Up a CI/CD Pipeline with Husky and GitHub Actions](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/how-to-setup-a-cicd-pipeline)
- [The prefers-contrast and forced-colors CSS media features](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/the-prefers-contrast-and-forced-colors-CSS-media-features)
- [Participating in The Collab Lab: Wrapping up](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/the-collab-wrapping-up)
- [A fully accessible checkbox styled with Tailwind](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/a-fully-accessible-checkbox-styled-with-tailwind)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->


<!--**vivitt/vivitt** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal info and blog links
Updated personal description and added blog post section.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<h1>Hi, I am Viviana 👋🏽 </h1>

[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://www.viviyanez.dev/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viviana-yanez/)

</div>

- software engineer with a background in audiovisual and visual communication
- passionate about making the web more accessible and inclusive
- learn more about me on [my website](https://www.viviyanez.dev/)
- feel free to reach out on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viviana-yanez/), I'm happy to exchange experiences, learnings, and thoughts

#### writing about software engineering & career transitions

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [What Happens When You Visit a Website? How the Web Works Explained](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/what-happens-when-you-visit-a-website.md)
- [How to Set Up a CI/CD Pipeline with Husky and GitHub Actions](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/how-to-setup-a-cicd-pipeline)
- [The prefers-contrast and forced-colors CSS media features](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/the-prefers-contrast-and-forced-colors-CSS-media-features)
- [Participating in The Collab Lab: Wrapping up](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/the-collab-wrapping-up)
- [A fully accessible checkbox styled with Tailwind](https://www.viviyanez.dev/blog/posts/a-fully-accessible-checkbox-styled-with-tailwind)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->


<!--**vivitt/vivitt** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
